Vikesh K: And we have okay, we have more folks as well. Hello, welcome everyone. Shakhar, Vikash, Namurta, Matt.
Vikesh K: Okay, lovely. So coming to the question, which is I believe there was a one ideal solution set which was prepared. And again, that was taken from a previous student. But I think
Vikesh K: maybe it's introduced later or you know, shown later. I'm not sure when when that will be done. But right now.
Vikesh K: you know we don't really encourage to people to change exchange solutions primarily, because some people, some of you, have done it, and some of you don't.
Kiran: Yeah.
Vikesh K: So this will be unfair. It's like unfair to people who haven't done it. Oh, sorry to have done it, and submitted.
Kiran: Not now. Maybe maybe after the course is completed,
Vikesh K: Oh, yeah, yeah, I think I think I I will again check with the team. I can check with that team.
Vikesh K: and you know. Remind them. You know, we used to do that.
Vikesh K: Maybe we or we can. What we can do is individually submit it or show it to the learners who have completed, and I'm not sure if there is any automated way to do that.
Vikesh K: But that could be another way. So only those of you have submitted will get a sort of a solution
Vikesh K: sample thing to compare.
Vikesh K: All right. So that cool. That's a good point.
Vikesh K: all right. So this week we the focus is on recommendations. Right? Recommendation is a niche topic.
Vikesh K: They, you know, Andrew Wing is very famous for saying a recommendation is done better at the companies rather than in an academia, because in academia they didn't have that kind of data to really work on recommendations. But for commercial purposes, recommendations become
Vikesh K: very important. So, for example, Amazon, Amazon, it said, market research, I don't think Amazon themselves have put out the numbers, but roughly, 30% of their sale comes from recommendation.
Vikesh K: And if you think about it, this happening at an Amazon scale, it's a huge thing.
Vikesh K: And Amazon recommendations are pretty pretty good. So, for example, let's say, if I like some book, and I have read it, and what I do, I often put that book's name in Amazon. I check for the book recommendation, because if I've liked that book, most likely I will like the other books which Amazon recommends. So that's 1 way. How I you know
Vikesh K: generate my reading list through Amazon. So Amazon is very, very good at that.
Vikesh K: So so this is more of an industry topic. All of us do that. For example, we.
Vikesh K: I work but
Vikesh K: learn in this course is more or less one or 2 methods of that. And I thought, I will give you. We will go through 2 examples just to understand that further, and, you know, go through it. But before I talk about the stuff which is covered in the course. I thought, I will give you one
Vikesh K: one easy one, not not easy, but at least slightly interesting one.
Vikesh K: I've I've made this in chat. Gpt. See how the chat gpt thing looks like. So at least it I thought just to spice it up so I I don't remember the prompt which I put in, but it generated this image for me. It's yeah, as you can see, it's still not very good. It's bit messy and all.
Vikesh K: But yeah, hopefully, with passage of time, it will improve.
Vikesh K: Okay, so this data set the 1st technique which I'm going to use right now, which I wanted to show you is more of a
Vikesh K: in a way, a distance based measure. And that's what I wanted to show to you. All right.
Vikesh K: So, for example, you have K nearest neighbor.
Vikesh K: and then there is another version of it which is in which you remove the like. This is a supervised version. But you also have an unsupervised version of it.
Vikesh K: And that's what I'm gonna use. Because if you think about it clustering in a way,
Vikesh K: is a kind of recommendation system. So let's say, if you have 10 songs
Vikesh K: and you divide them into 3 groups. All right.
Vikesh K: So let's say 2 songs here.
Vikesh K: Maybe 4 songs here. So that's 6. And then 4 pending songs in this group. All right. So now let's say, you know. So she's a fan of this song. Okay, whatever that song be.
Vikesh K: And I want to recommend more songs to him. Then the best scenario is.
Vikesh K: I will recommend him these 3 songs.
Vikesh K: Okay, which has, which are closest to it. Yeah. So that's that's how at least you can do it in clustering. The other thing you can do is which which I'm gonna so this is the clustering version. Now, what I'm going to do is the distance based version that way is that
Vikesh K: I will measure the distance of this song across all the songs. How far songs are from each other? Then the let's say so, she says, give me top 5 recommendations. Then I will choose the top 5 songs which are closest to it, and give the recommendations alright. That could be so. One was a pure clustering. You 1st divide it into groups, the second
Vikesh K: but on the same concept is, I will do it on the basis of distance. Okay, this is, this is a sort of a simple method in this. You don't really right. Now, you're not taking any user inputs. But this is just on the properties of that song. Okay, as I will show you. And this is one example I believe I've shown previously.
Vikesh K: and this is from spotify.
Vikesh K: So if you look at this.
Vikesh K: This is what you have.
Vikesh K: You have different components of a song which is, let's say, speechiness, tempo balance. Here
Vikesh K: liveness, loudness, instrumentalness. Okay. So for each song you have multiple parameters.
Vikesh K: And how do you choose
Vikesh K: songs? Let's say you like this particular song right the 1st row
Vikesh K: you prefer this sound, and then what the algorithm will do is find the other points which are closest to it, based on the all the other parameters, and give you a recommendation. Okay, so that's what this whole Jupyter notebook is about.
Vikesh K: I wanted you to
Vikesh K: get a hang of it. So that's why I prepared it. I'm I'm not. Gonna go into the details of the whole code, which I think maybe you can consume later on. But essentially, I'm just doing 1st prepping part. And remember now again, because this is a
Vikesh K: one second. Yes, this is a distance based algorithm. You know, you're calculating
Vikesh K: how points are far from each other. So let's say you have only 2 points.
Vikesh K: And this is on energy.
Vikesh K: Okay, let's say energy.
Vikesh K: And then let's say you have duration milliseconds. All right? So what you're gonna do for each song, let's say you identify a song. And this is the id of the song. Here
Vikesh K: you will measure its distance to other points based on these 2 parameters. All right.
Vikesh K: Only thing what we are doing. I'm taking all the numerical values here, and since I'm going to use distance. It's important that all of them should be on the same scale, because you know what will happen otherwise
Vikesh K: if you focus on duration and energy. As you can see, this is on a very 2 different scales. Duration will heavily dominate, and you don't want that. You want each of these
Vikesh K: columns to have and sort of an equal, say right? And to do that, you need to standardize. So remember, whenever we have any distance based algorithm.
Vikesh K: the 1st step you would need to do is standardize so.
Vikesh K: and you will see I'm doing the whole standardization in one. Go because there is no train test set here as such. All right. And this is.
Vikesh K: if you think about it. This is not exactly a machine learning algorithm. This is just measuring the distance and trying to show you which points are closer and far off.
Vikesh K: So
Vikesh K: let me highlight this. If you have any questions, let me know, because maybe I'm going a little too fast.
Vikesh K: But but this is how the data points look like
Vikesh K: without any scaling. All right, as you can see, only duration milliseconds dominates because that.
Vikesh K: That is a big one. But after the scaling hopefully, and it's taking some time you should be able to better see the other data points alright, because when you bring them
Vikesh K: all of them on the same scale that highlights the main things.
Vikesh K: And this is the Eligo, which is again in scikit-learn. This is what we are going to use. And so this is like they have mentioned. This is an unsupervised learner for implementing. Neighbor searches
Vikesh K: all right
Vikesh K: you can. By the way, you can specify how many neighbors you want to search for. So what it does is. Let's say
Vikesh K: I like one song
Vikesh K: what you can. And then, by default, it's 5. What it does. The algorithm allows you to get the 5 closest points to this song. Alright.
Vikesh K: So, okay, I'm sorry. This is taking a lot of time.
Vikesh K: So, but the main thing is.
Vikesh K: I'm gonna implement this song, fit it.
Vikesh K: And then this is the a simple demo of this.
Vikesh K: Okay? And since this is unsupervised, there was no really trainer testing which I did here.
Vikesh K: But this is an example. Part of this. Let's I might. I think we might have to wait for a while
Vikesh K: for this to run.
Vikesh K: It's a big data set.
Vikesh K: but all of you got the hang of it. The at least the main idea of what we are trying to do so essentially, what we are using here is the distances
Vikesh K: a very simple way to make a recommendation system. Okay, if let's say you like jazz or something. So, and the
Vikesh K: jazz songs would have a certain kind of parameters about, you know, speechiness or energy. So all the songs which are similar to that jazz song will be your recommendation all right.
Vikesh K: This is normal plot.
Vikesh K: Okay, this is a scale one.
Vikesh K: I think this wasn't required
Vikesh K: last shot, and then we will see.
Vikesh K: We'll move to the modeling part.
Vikesh K: But I will show you. I wanted to
Vikesh K: focus why on why I chose this particular data set. I wanted to show you one more thing. So once the whole thing is done, I will show you the other part of it hopefully. That will give you
Vikesh K: some excitement about how this can be used further.
Vikesh K: primarily, because this is a spotify data set. That's why
Vikesh K: and spotify. Has some cool things going on
Vikesh K: with the terms of you know how they classify a song? Let's see.
Vikesh K: all of you are very silent. Is it making sense? Are you getting bored? Sorry. This is taking too much time. Maybe I should have.
shashi: Yeah, that makes sense. I mean.
Vikesh K: Okay, cool. So yeah, this is a much simpler idea compared to what you have. You know.
shashi: Completed, now.
Vikesh K: Okay, lovely.
Vikesh K: The chart still is taking time. But at least okay. Maybe the other things have fitted. I just wanted to show you okay while it comes. So what I'm doing, I fit the model all right. And then let's say what I did. I selected a particular song.
Vikesh K: and for that song.
Vikesh K: I am getting the recommendations. Okay, you you can go through the code. Maybe I will add more comments, so that everything is easy to understand.
Vikesh K: But then I'm using that song
Vikesh K: scaled song. All right. I selected the song. Obviously you have to again scale it back. That's why I'm scaling it. And then I'm using that to get recommendations all right.
Vikesh K: And
Vikesh K: this is the stuff which I'm doing here. Okay, okay, I believe that part is still running. Let me stop this.
Zhujun Wang: A quick question, so so for calculate the distance is calculated. The Euclidean distance, or.
Vikesh K: Yes, yes.
Zhujun Wang: Oh, okay.
Vikesh K: Yeah. So I think, let's check that. What's the default? One.
Vikesh K: Okay, since I haven't changed, it would be minkow whiskey, and I think by default.
Vikesh K: Metric is standard. Okay? And
Vikesh K: why the documentation so complicated.
Vikesh K: they say, which is, when P equals to 2. But P. Oh, P. Is 2. Yes, Euclidean. Correct? Yeah.
Zhujun Wang: Okay.
Vikesh K: That's how they they broke it in 2 parts. Okay? So they use the Minkowski. And then obviously, then, when P is 2, it's it's Euclidean.
Vikesh K: Alright. So what it does. Now I, this is giving me
Vikesh K: all the locations of the other songs. Alright. And I can use that location.
Vikesh K: Okay, to get the song names.
Vikesh K: Okay? So this is very simple idea. You take a song, you see the numerical properties of it. And therefore in this case the speech in is the energy, and then you find the song which are closer to it. And now one interesting thing which is there is, I'm getting the name and the Id. Now the Id is interesting because this is a spotify data. So you can use this. And that's what I'm trying to do here is.
Vikesh K: you will see with this Id. If you add this simple generic thing at the start, you can actually get a song. URL,
Vikesh K: all right, and you will see this is still in this weird format.
Vikesh K: Alright you need to highlight the HTML for that. You need to
Vikesh K: use this to make the link dynamic. So once you click on it.
Vikesh K: It will take you to the song.
Vikesh K: Alright. So.
Vikesh K: okay, yeah. So this is working. So that's the good thing. So if you make a recommendation thing with spotify, and especially if you have the Id on, then you can actually make this live connection thing. So what I did. And then I had this model. I dumped this
Vikesh K: as a pickle file. And I'm I'm using this in the streamlit code, okay? And which I wanted to show. So this is one simple app which I created for this.
Vikesh K: And I'm sharing it with all of you. So now, what happens how this thing works is. First, st let's say you set some parameters all right. You want a minimum level of acousticness energy, you know, depending on. Let's say, maybe you you know very you know you're expert in songs, and you know all what all these parameters mean, and then you select some parameters. So once you do that, it will tell you
Vikesh K: unique songs in the data set which match the book criteria. Okay, right? Spelling is wrong. But, as you see, if I change it here, this will change. Okay, so what you are setting at the initial stages is some criteria. So once you have the criteria.
Vikesh K: This is your song list.
Vikesh K: So you select any song, and then the recommendations will change at the bottom.
Vikesh K: All right. So let's say, woman, this is some song I have no clue, and then this is that song and the 3 or I've said, I think I believe 3 more recommendations which are similar to this song, all right. So you click on it
Vikesh K: and it will straight away. Take you to the spotify page.
Vikesh K: Cool so very easy. It's not very difficult. So the main thing which I did here is I,
Vikesh K: oh, in this one, I that the the algorithm, the distances that it learned.
Vikesh K: it's saved in that. And then, neighbors file all right. Sorry. Where is that?
Vikesh K: So after learning so this, when you fit the model and right, so the the values get embedded in it, and you can export it as a pickle file.
Vikesh K: This pickle file can be embedded in a streamlit code, and then you can make it dynamic.
Vikesh K: Alright, and that's what I've done here.
Vikesh K: Make sense. So this I also wanted to show you.
Vikesh K: Let's say some of you are working on some capstone project, and maybe in for a predictions. Right?
Vikesh K: You can have a streamlit code for it as well like a streamlined version for it as well. That will be very cool if you manage to do that. So along with your Github.
Vikesh K: especially those of you looking for Job and all. Maybe this is a very cool way to show
Vikesh K: all right any questions or doubts here.
Vikesh K: By the way you can, you can try the app as well
Vikesh K: at your end. I've I've sent it once. I will again send it so you can play with the app at your end.
Vikesh K: Okay,
Vikesh K: So let's say. But I think I should choose a different data sets, because some of these songs are very old. So I'm not sure many of you would have heard of these songs.
Vikesh K: But yeah.
shashi: Probably as exercise we can build our own and put it there in the streamline file and try our own recommendation.
Vikesh K: Yeah, see every everything stream. It is awesome. It's not very difficult to learn. Streamlin. The good part is they allow you to host it for free. You just need to put some of this stuff in on Github, and then they allow you and they you can have this, you know, a dedicated URL, and then you can host everything for free.
Vikesh K: It's very smooth that way. Actually.
shashi: So
shashi: some of the models. What I'm building for module 17 activity is taking 45 50 min and sk learn doesn't allow Gpu to be used, so I'm saving it as pickle file, so that I can at least run the test and other things later, and I don't have to wait 45 min to evaluate it
shashi: or any other purpose.
Vikesh K: Oh, lovely! Oh, that's great.
Vikesh K: But yeah, let's say, you know, you're working on your company data set. Some people you know, often choose a company data set for their capstone. So let's say, you want to solve the problem and then internally deploy that thing. This could be one basic version as a prototype, which you can do. Okay? So
Vikesh K: streamlit is cool so in case you're you manage to finish your capstone on time. And you're still curious. I would say, maybe try convert that into an app that would be really cool.
Vikesh K: All right.
Ravi Duvvuri: Question like for streamline? Do we need to know some other language or something, or is it it's? Is it on its own, or like, what do we need to know?
Vikesh K: Yeah, streamlet is more. It's a python library, so it has its own. The documentation is very good off streamlit. So that's 1 good thing. And also, let's say in this. You know right now, if you get stuck somewhere you can actually use chat gpt, but I will. I will show you how easy it is to make something. So, for example, as I put St. Slider,
Vikesh K: which I'm using here. So you go to the docs
Vikesh K: streamlet has one of the best documentation out there.
Vikesh K: And
Vikesh K: so, for example, he's showing an example import streamlet, as St. You know, you put this age Slider and St. Dot, right? Okay, 3 lines of code.
Vikesh K: And this is how it will look.
Vikesh K: Okay. So it's a very cool app.
Vikesh K: I would say, maybe you know it might. And you you would find a lot of material on Youtube as well, maybe 3 to 4 h, and you will be comfortable enough to make us a basic version basic app.
Vikesh K: So
Vikesh K: you know, I know many people, you know. Once you complete the course you will put it on your Github Linkedin. So along with when you announce that you know you've done the course. If you can also put your streamline code that will be really cool. All right, so try that. And then so so, as as you can see, there are a couple of code blocks here, 3 to 4 lines. Not much, and they can result in these sliders which you have.
Vikesh K: So Streamliner is very, very good for making.
Ravi Duvvuri: Where? Where did you like incorporate your recommendations into the code? Maybe I'm curious. On streamlit code. You have recommendations right? Those were popping up in the app. Can you go down on the page?
Ravi Duvvuri: Yeah. These recommendations you must have plugged in the
Ravi Duvvuri: Ml. Code somewhere, right into the streamlet app.
Vikesh K: So how that happens is basically, the 1st part
Vikesh K: is is simple filtering of that pandas data frame. The 1st part. That's what it is doing so. For example, let's say, you know, if I give you a pandas data frame. And I tell you, hey, I need something which danceability greater than 0 point 5 acousticness, 0 point greater than 5. So what you would do is pandas dot query. So you put all these things dot query, and then you will tell me, hey? Only 45, 55 songs match your criteria, and this is a list of those 55 songs.
Vikesh K: Then the next step is you pass those songs
Vikesh K: you. You select one of those songs, and that that one song which is selected that's passed through the pickle file, that pickle file which I exported here. All right. This pickle file is embedded in this streamlet code.
Vikesh K: What it does that pickle file will generate will give recommendations and those recommendations, then I'm showing it here.
Vikesh K: So the 1st part is completely pandas.
Vikesh K: This part only on this part you need the pickle file, and then the recommendations get generated.
Vikesh K: So it's pretty straightforward.
Ravi Duvvuri: That's.
Vikesh K: I can. I would have
Vikesh K: code on my Github. I can. I can share that link. So if anyone of you are interested, please feel free to copy that
Vikesh K: and use it for your own purpose.
shashi: So this is where I select all the
shashi: parameters for the model, and pass it as the
shashi: for asking for the prediction to the model correct and then evaluate the.
Vikesh K: Correct. So basically so so also, when you when you
Vikesh K: let me let me share my screen again. Yeah. So the. I believe this is the right one. Yes, so this is. This is the where I've put the code.
Vikesh K: So I will send the link so you can check it. I haven't done a lot of read me here. A very basic read me. But you can get the info from here. So this is the pickle file. So what happens in the Github? You need to put in all the details all right, and then you need to connect it to your streamlit cloud account. So only thing the streamlit cloud account will ask you, Hey, where is your Github file, or your Github port for repository. You link it to the Github Repository.
Vikesh K: It will work on on its own and create the app, and that
Vikesh K: the code for the app is this one
Vikesh K: as you can see. See, the 1st part is, I'm using the sliders. So this is all pandas.
Vikesh K: Then after that I'm using the pickle file and doing the predictions all right.
Vikesh K: Give it a shot. This is like, you know, what it will do. It's obviously it's not mandatory for the course, but it will give you a hang of how to take your model and put it, you know. Convert this into some kind of front end so that users can interact with it.
Vikesh K: Alright. Because if I tell you I have a recommendation system, you'll say, Okay, cool. But if I tell you, hey, you can use it. You can, you know, select songs. Let's say I'm you know, I listen to a lot of Bollywood. So if you put Bollywood songs in this, and then, you know, you change it. You you can get some nice recommendations.
Vikesh K: alright any questions or doubts here.
shashi: Government.
Vikesh K: Food.
Vikesh K: I hope at least the the idea got you excited that, you know, and and at least made you aware that you can do this. So if you're curious, please give it a shot. It won't take more than a weekend it's very simple to understand. And you know for starters. You can just replicate this code
Vikesh K: and see if you can make up and your own stream it right? You start from this, and then you can further develop on. That
Vikesh K: sounds good.
Namrata: Okay.
Vikesh K: So then we go to the second part.
Vikesh K: Alright, so we are done with this, then the other one is which we learned in this course. And that's using surprise package, right? And that's where things become little more interesting. Because now you have
Vikesh K: more sophisticated data set. So, for example, I have this one data set. We can see this. Let's do. Df, dot head. So this is a movie data set, simple one. But what you have is.
Vikesh K: people have rated the movies. Alright. So a user id, one has seen this movie 31. And he has given a rating. Alright. So what you are trying to do in this is, will you will make this matrix
Vikesh K: in which there is one user.
Vikesh K: And you have this matrix with all the movie Ids, all the users
Vikesh K: and their ratings. All right, rating, one rating 2. Some of it is missing, some of it is there so?
Vikesh K: And this matrix. Then, you know, one of the techniques we use is the Svd to decompose this matrix into 3 different components. And I didn't use that to make predictions of the parts which are not available. So, for example, you have seen movie one
Vikesh K: and Movie 2, but you haven't seen this one. I will use the rest of the matrix to make prediction for this one. Right? This is one of the that way more.
Vikesh K: maybe a complicated week from that perspective, because this is like heavily into linear algebra. This is pure maths. You have to like really deal with the maths. But then,
Vikesh K: And and you know if you don't get it in the first.st
Vikesh K: go. That's fine, because I believe you might have to go back and read a lot of different concepts before you get a hang of it. The book which is.
Vikesh K: you know, I had shown you that book. My machines learn. Where is that book? Maybe that book can help.
Vikesh K: I will show it to you again. I think she also has one copy, and you have shown me so this is a good book to maybe get a hang of this. But other than that, I would say, I'm not sure how many of you are focusing on recommendation system for your capstone, but you get a hang of it, but I would say in terms of devoting efforts, put more efforts in the next week, which I believe is ensemble right next week is ensemble
Vikesh K: after recommendation.
Ravi Duvvuri: Yeah, I think, so, yeah.
Vikesh K: So so ensemble as a concept would be more useful, more practical, also very, very helpful for your capsule, because at least in my batch. Most of the learners are doing either a regression or classification. I still haven't seen any unsupervised learning and recommendation. I have not seen anyone doing it, so ensemble would be more heavy. So when you have to prioritize, I would say, prioritize more on the ensemble. But get a basic idea of this one. Right?
Vikesh K: So let's focus on this data set. We have. We are recording, right? Yes.
Vikesh K: And to keep okay. So we have let me zoom in a bit.
Vikesh K: we have 671 users in this one. And we have 9,000
Vikesh K: movies. Okay, so this is how the data set looks like. Then obviously, the 1st thing you you would like to understand the basics of the data set, visualize make some visualizations, understand how things are looking like. So
Vikesh K: this is the amount of reviews made by each. Each users. All right.
Vikesh K: These are the reviews. These are the users. There are a bunch of users who have done a good amount of reviews. I've arranged this in ascending order, but to see, and also the second part is this is the distribution of the ratings. So most of the ratings were
Vikesh K: users had given it 4.0, then 3.0, then 5.0. There were some very bad movies with very bad ratings. So the same chart is now represented in this format, in which I have arranged this in a
Vikesh K: ascending order, all right, so that either you show it like this. Either you show like this information just to understand what's happening. But as you can see, most of the either the movies are too good, or maybe the users were very generous, because most of the movies have got a rating of 4.0.
Vikesh K: That's the highest one. That's the mode.
Vikesh K: Then, average number of reviews per users is 1, 49 right?
Vikesh K: And let's see one more thing. Okay?
Vikesh K: And this is more of the basic information.
Vikesh K: Yeah, same thing. I'm trying to put visually
Vikesh K: and how many movies and average number of reviews per user.
Vikesh K: Okay, what? This was what I did average number of reviews per users, and average number of reviews.
Vikesh K: I think this is something else which I've calculated here reviews number of view reviews
Vikesh K: ignore this one, I would say.
Vikesh K: focus on this one. So on an average one user has made 11 reviews. Alright
Vikesh K: cool. So this is the basic premise. The data set is very simple. The main thing that we will use this is a different package is the surprise package that we use here.
Vikesh K: And within that surprise has got 2 different algos. You have a support vector, decomposition.
Vikesh K: the surprise package has got some again, it's it's it's more given in a theoretical you know, it's written in a very mathematical manner, but they give some info about it. How it works.
Vikesh K: But and we will use that information that algorithm to do this. But the main thing is you need to 1st convert the data into the right format. So I will what it expects the data in the form of user Id, item, Id and write name, these are the 3 things it focuses on. So you focus on these 3 items from the data set.
Vikesh K: and I will show you which is your user, Id, the movie Id, and the rating it gave alright.
Vikesh K: So you convert this data set into the particular format and is, if you see, when you convert this into the format because it has to do the metric
Vikesh K: factorization everything, I believe.
Vikesh K: The he, you know the author of this package converted this into a specific format in which he can do the lean algebra pretty easily.
Vikesh K: So this is the if you try to print it. This is in a very weird format, all right. So to make sense of it. Just to visualize it is a bit hard.
Vikesh K: but at least what it does in the back end. It converts this into this particular format.
Vikesh K: and then rest of the techniques. At least, what he has done is try to copy the cycle format in which you initialize the model, and then you fit it on the train set. All right. So you, these codes is where we have already imported the data set, reader. So this is the data set converter.
Vikesh K: And then you have the algos. I'm using 2 basic algos here, and then you have the evaluation.
Vikesh K: So you fit it on the train set.
Vikesh K: You! And then, simple thing is, you make the predictions on the test set.
Vikesh K: And remember, you know, you already have the test set data right? So you can check the root. Mean square error of the of your predictions.
Vikesh K: Okay, you know this, this can be little confusing, because I think.
Vikesh K: Let me see if they also call it accuracy.
Vikesh K: One second.
Vikesh K: I think I should just call it
Vikesh K: not. The accuracy is not the right word to use here, because accuracy is for the classification. So I will say, the Rmsc. Yes.
Vikesh K: cool. So the Rm. Rmsc. For this, for this technique was 0 point 9. So essentially what it does in the back end is.
Vikesh K: it has got a user right and a movie.
Vikesh K: And he let's say the user gave a rating of 4. And the algorithm Spd gave a rating of 3.9. All right. So and this is for all the movies. It sees. What is the actual and what is what was the predicted or predicted? Rating? All right.
Vikesh K: the distance, and obviously the difference is calculated. So this is numerical. Hence what you calculate is root, mean squared error.
Vikesh K: All right. So that's what that's what is happening in this stage. So you calculate this for Spd.
Vikesh K: you can also do this for your Knn.
Vikesh K: you know, you can call the basic in. And
Vikesh K: now what you're doing, you're not doing the fancy factorization. But you're using a simple method in which you're trying to take a data point and find the neighbors nearest to it. All right, I think, by default, it takes 40 neighbors in this module.
Vikesh K: Let me see if they have it in the documentation. Yes, K. Is equal to 40, so they use the simple. They use the 40 neighbors and try to see which movie would be closer to this movie.
Vikesh K: Okay, this combo. And then when you try this.
Vikesh K: at least in this case, Knn works better than your Svd, okay, so
Vikesh K: be careful about this way, because Svd is a sophisticated technique.
Vikesh K: But maybe there were too many missing values, right? You know it. How well the Svd works also will depend on how densely populated the whole matrix is. If there are too many gaps mostly, then maybe it won't do a good job, and here, at least in this case, the Knn. Did a better job than your Svd.
Vikesh K: Alright so, and then you can.
Vikesh K: Then obviously, then, since this is better, you can use this to make predictions.
Vikesh K: This is one way
Vikesh K: how you can look at the predictions. I've converted this into a pandas data frame. But what it will do is 3 things. One is the actual rating by the user. This is 5 point, oh, so this user Id. For this movie Id
Vikesh K: had an actual rating of 5.0, estimated was 3.8, all right.
Vikesh K: and the actual K, which was used to do. This was 40 and was impossible, tells you whether it was, you know, sometimes it's not possible to make a prediction, because maybe you don't have enough data points. So if was impossible, is true, that means
Vikesh K: the model is not able to make the predictions. But since this is false in this case, that means it was able to make the predictions. And hence you can see the predictions here.
Vikesh K: Alright. So
Vikesh K: so what you see here is, let's say, this movie. This person for this movie had a rating of 2.0 real. But the estimated was 4.1 3. So this is what the predictions show you.
Vikesh K: This is the real matrix. But now what we can do, and just to highlight.
Vikesh K: I'm using the, you know, you can use the predict method to
Vikesh K: you know, make a prediction of a movie. So let's say, you're interested in user 5 and item, 100, all right. So think about it is. If you're a Netflix, you have a user, and you have given him a tag of user 5. And he's looking in different movies. And maybe you know, the genre like one of the romance movie. Let's say there's item 100. What would be the likelihood of his interest? So you can generate the ratings here.
Vikesh K: so as per Svd, it's around 3.6 5, and for Knn. This was 3.4 7
Vikesh K: overall, because we saw Kn. Did a better job. So you know, you can go ahead with kn predictions right?
Vikesh K: But this is how you generate the predictions from the different models here. So now, what I'm going to do
Vikesh K: is I'm going to populate a data set which is based on the predictions.
Vikesh K: So as you see, each row is a user id, each column is a movie. Id, okay?
Vikesh K: what you want to do at a company level is that you should have all of it filled up so that anytime a user is there. And he's selecting logged into your website, you can give him a recommendation for any of the movings movie. Because, let's say, you have a user 6, 6, 9. By the way, I'm just filling it up, I'm making the structure. So that's why everything is 0. But let's say, user 6, 6, 9 logs into your website.
Vikesh K: And then you have all these 9,000 movies in your library. Right? You can generate the recommend. You can generate the scores of for this user, and then just arrange this in a descending order and show it to him right or her whatever. So so this is one way, how you will use this information from
Vikesh K: from this thing, from a front end perspective.
Vikesh K: Okay? So what I'm doing at this stage is just running a painfully slow for loop in which for each movie, Id, for each user id, I'm selecting each movie Id, and I'm using the canon predictions
Vikesh K: to generate a rating and then filling it up. Okay, the data frame. So it's again, this is 2 for loops. It's a huge data set. So this will take a good amount of time to run. But once this runs you will have a fully populated data set in which each row represents a user, and each column represents a rating. All right.
Vikesh K: Now, let's say, if you're interested in the
Vikesh K: in a recommendation system kind of thing. Maybe you download this kind of data set from goodreads. Or let's say, Netflix, some of these data sets are available on Kaggle. You can download it, make these prediction list, and then, you know, maybe convert this into a front end which will look like that spotify recommendation thing. Alright. So you can use that information so that for you select any user, and you will have the top 10 movies which he should see.
Vikesh K: Okay, so that's something which you can do based on this pooled.
Vikesh K: Okay? So I think I went a little fast.
Vikesh K: But yeah, these are the. And again. Recommendation is very niche thing. Usually, if your company is in this business of
Vikesh K: making recommendations it's customer centric, then it's a very useful technique skill to know. But I know maybe not. Every one of you would require this, and from a capstone perspective, especially if you're not doing this, I would say, now focus on the next week, once you do the assignments, or you know,
Vikesh K: the required quizzes of this week. But
Vikesh K: from my perspective and ensembles, which we will learn in the next week, would be very, very important to get a better hang of
Vikesh K: all right.
shashi: Yeah, even in agriculture, we can use this kind of this one like, if I have variables like nitrogen, potassium, and
shashi: other pesticides or insecticides and other items which goes into crop, we can give them saying, Select this one, and these are the recommended products which are available. And you can use this kind of
shashi: Oh, items on farming practices and things like that. It sounds very interesting.
Vikesh K: Just to understand that idea. So for example, let's say, I go to a website, I select nitrogen. You're telling me what other fertilizers I should choose.
shashi: Yeah, I mean, probably, I mean, which are if Field needs. If my soil test comes back saying that there is a poor npk, nitrogen, potassium, and phosphorus content is low, then we will know which are the products that are available which will augment the soil with this kind of
shashi: nutrients, and then people can either
shashi: vendor who's supplying can be listed there, and they can go directly to their site. Order it, or they will know at least. Okay, what is the optimal
shashi: concentration that has to be present in the soil and based on business? Need. I mean whether we use it for selling the
shashi: fertilizers, or any other components, or even recommending what kind of when to sow or when to harvest, and things like that, we can use data and make some kind of recommendation.
Vikesh K: Oh, okay, okay, cool. That's good.
Vikesh K: That's a good idea.
shashi: Yeah.
Vikesh K: Others.
shashi: Lot of times we'll
shashi: I mean in especially in India, North India, and all the government is doing
shashi: they will tell, based on the weather input, they'll say, Okay, don't sow your seeds till another 8, 9 days, because the temperature is going to change.
shashi: After that you saw the this one and 21 days after that, or 15 days after that, you put this this kind of fertilizers and chemicals.
shashi: and these people. Government keeps sending
shashi: kind of information to the farming community.
shashi: So these kind of recommend recommendation systems and based on the other Npk has, I mean.
shashi: environmental factors and all. We can use it.
Vikesh K: Okay, okay.
Vikesh K: you're I. I think you're the your special. You work around this. So you are the domain expertise. I I don't think I would be able to comment more on that. But yeah.
Vikesh K: sounds like a good idea to me.
shashi: Yeah, definitely.
Vikesh K: Cool folks any other questions or doubt.
Vikesh K: All of you have started working on your capstone. By the way.
Ravi Duvvuri: Yeah, I have a good question. Yeah, no, that's what you know. What's the I I think.
Ravi Duvvuri: there is a Eda deadline or something coming in a couple of weeks, or maybe
Ravi Duvvuri: 12, th or something, or capstone.
Vikesh K: Yeah.
Ravi Duvvuri: Okay, okay? And I'm just looking at the timeline. And and you know, how can we complete 2 more exercises? And
Ravi Duvvuri: the problem I selected was classification. So yeah, I'm rushing on these modules so that I can
Ravi Duvvuri: focus on classification part of it. For my capstone.
Vikesh K: I would. Why, I would. Let let me go through the passing criteria again quickly, because at this stage, usually.
Vikesh K: if you think you're falling little behind.
Vikesh K: I would, I think, I repeated this last time, but I would say,
Vikesh K: we are in this one right? I would say, focus on the
Vikesh K: last 3 parts more, because if you do these things, you're already 30 and 50, 70 or 70% there.
Vikesh K: all right, these 3 capstone is mandatory in any case. So Capstone alone, will is 50% of your weight. So in case you are falling behind in other stuff, don't try to, you know, go back and finish each and every code you right now, because even if you do, it will take only 15%. It will give you only 15%. But the main thing where you will learn a lot. And also you need to. Mandatory. Complete is the capstone.
Vikesh K: and that will take care of the 50%. So I will say, focus on the 3 big chunks, which is the practical applications and the capstone projects.
Vikesh K: Alright.
Kiran: Is a resubmissions allowed. If I want to.
Vikesh K: In the practical or in the capstone.
Kiran: In the capstone.
Vikesh K: Yeah. Yes.
Kiran: Okay.
Vikesh K: Say, let's say someone made a mistake or something. We will just highlight it, and then we'll ask you to resubmit.
Kiran: If I got like 40%, I want to say to 70%, I can rework and then submit again. Or
Vikesh K: Yes, yes, yeah. Because let's say, you got 40%, maybe because let's say, some right technique wasn't used in the right manner. Or maybe some things were left right and you will be given that feedback. What is missing? Once you work on those things, you implement those things. And yeah, yeah, you can resubmi.
Kiran: Got it. Thank you.
Vikesh K: Any other questions on this. But yeah, I would say, as we are coming to the end.
Vikesh K: See, you know initially, when we used to have this session. 40 50 people used to attend the office hours. Now it's around 10 of you, 11 of you. So this happens. Many people fall off on the way.
Vikesh K: Many people, you know, get distracted, or they have 10 other things going on in their life. So be more strategic. At this stage, I would say, focus on the big chunks which will take you to the finish line.
Vikesh K: because, you know, some of you would try to learn everything in depth right now, which is not possible. If you're falling behind.
Vikesh K: so focus on the big chunks, get your certificate. Once you have your certificates, you have
Vikesh K: access to the course for next one year. Right? So you can do a proper deep dive.
Vikesh K: But at this stage it will become very crucial that all of you pass the course. I'm very. That's at least for very important for me that all of you get your certificates. So please be more strategic. Be more tactical. When you have one to one with your program, leader, please. Maybe if you have, this is a concern, please discuss it with them. They can give you some more insights.
Vikesh K: But I would say, strongly, focus on the the getting the certificate that way. That means focusing on the big problems sets which will take you there.
Vikesh K: Okay? Because, for example, codeyo
Vikesh K: in a week, the amount of Cody activities that you do that's equivalent to a practical application, and that you have, I think, 2 or 3 practical applications. So that will. The vtage of practical application is more compared to a code activity.
Vikesh K: Okay? And I believe many of you would have done many of the Cody activities, so at least you would be there, if not 15%, then at least maybe 7 to 8%. So you're already halfway there.
Vikesh K: Alright. So you focus on the other chunks, get your 75% minimum.
Vikesh K: And then you focus on the other parts. Matt has a question
Vikesh K: we have no content for week. 20 can focus on just okay. Yeah. Week 20. There would be content. We can again.
shashi: I think there is a break week on next 12 to 19, th or something like that. There is a break, I think.
Vikesh K: Yeah, I think after ensemble there is a break. Yes, after ensemble. So you are in you. We did recommendation right?
Vikesh K: Then ensemble is there, and then you have a break, and then you. We start on the neural networks and all.
shashi: And so doing, Ead, and earlier evaluation, and all for image classifiers. What kind of
shashi: task is required? Because I have images? I have kind of resized those 300 by 301, 28 by 1, 28, and grouping them so that which are the healthy ones which are the deceased one, and things like that, so will there be any other. Because we can't do much of plots and things like that. If it is an image classifier right? And then
shashi: what kind of expectations are there for those.
Vikesh K: Like base like in that sense I have. Maybe, Shasha, I didn't understand your question. So so the main thing what you're talking about is, you have to put it in a format which 1st of all, the algorithm will be able to consume it, and then you know it, and then generate the prediction in the same format. Right.
shashi: Okay? No, no. What I was asking was the Ead activity. I think there is a
Vikesh K: Oh! That!
shashi: For this one the your people have to submit the Ead. And this.
Vikesh K: Yeah, if you are doing. Yeah, I'm not sure about
Vikesh K: yeah. What exactly you can do. Ed, if you just have a like the matrix data of images. What? What, Ed, you can show me.
shashi: Okay, sample images. And what kind of data?
shashi: Part of that one that will help. Yeah, okay, that I can.
Vikesh K: Yes, like the basic stuff, you know what. So so, for example, let's say, if I look at your Ed, I understand what this data set is about.
shashi: Oh, okay. Fine. Yeah.
Vikesh K: Right? Any outliers, anything, anything weird? I'm not sure what would be an outlier there. But yeah, anything which helps me get familiar with your data set.
shashi: Sure. Okay. Yeah.
Ravi Duvvuri: Yeah. And Sasha, that was my question. Like, you know, I saw that deadline like your Eda, we have to submit. You know.
Ravi Duvvuri: Yeah, I was wondering. I have image classification as well. So, and some of the things like I was told that week 2122 will will help me with more techniques on classification. So I, you know.
Ravi Duvvuri: I need to do something for Eda. So yeah.
shashi: Yeah, same, I think that break week will go for the complete. This only.
Ravi Duvvuri: Yeah, exactly.
Vikesh K: One thing also, you know, it's great that you, all of you, are choosing these, you know, challenging problems, I believe maybe when the professors decided they they thought
Vikesh K: most of the folks, and that that's what we have also seen. Even in this batch. Most of the people will pick up a tabular problem, which is, you have rows and columns right like, let's say, loan classification or something, and within that there's a good scope of Ada.
Vikesh K: So but if you have a very specialized problem in which maybe there's not a lot of scope of Ada, maybe
Vikesh K: focus on the things which will help others to understand the data set. What the data set is about.
shashi: In my case, I mean, if the image has like, if I'm detecting a disease from a list.
shashi: primary area of the object should be the leaf, I mean, where the disease is seen. I can't show the bark or ground, or a hand, or something like that, holding the leaf, and things like. So that kind of I have to peruse all the images and make sure I don't have any extraneous material, because you shouldn't see black mark on my hand as a disease and say, it is diseased plant and things like that. So I have to clean up those kind of activities. I have to do.
Vikesh K: Yeah. And also I would. I would recommend both. I I think both of you are in a different section than mine. So you know. Just talk to your
Vikesh K: you know, pro program leader.
shashi: Right money I have to. I have to talk.
Vikesh K: Expectations. Yeah. Set expectations with them, so that.
shashi: Yeah.
Vikesh K: They're aware of what's like if you're working on a very niche kind of problem. So they are aware of it, and then be they will guide you what they expect
Vikesh K: evaluate your project right? So so the so if you're in mind, maybe this is how I would say it. But let's say you know you talk to others and see what ideas they have on this.
shashi: Yeah. Oh.
Vikesh K: Cool.
Vikesh K: Okay. Any other questions or doubts.
Zhujun Wang: I have a just quick question about the Svd. And kn rooming square arrow. So it's almost like close 0 point 9 something point close to like. So so since rating is probably, I remember, is from one to 4. So so consider, that is, is, it is not not a very good recommendation
Zhujun Wang: algorithm to use, or usually for, for this kind of like a rooming square arrow is a
Zhujun Wang: within the reasonable range. That's my question.
Vikesh K: You mean the the 2 ratings that.
Zhujun Wang: Yeah, like for this 1 0 point 9 or 0 point 9 7. And because most, I think the see the like input data ratings from
Zhujun Wang: probably from 0 to 4 or something. Right? So so if a average like arrow is 0 point 9. So which means when I
Zhujun Wang: predict maybe the rating, whatever will be kind of off
Zhujun Wang: little bit more like. Is it my understanding correct?
Vikesh K: Okay, so so what? How? What essentially this means is like, you know, you have.
Vikesh K: errors. Your root mean square error from the both. So let's say you have Knn predictions, and you have Svd predictions right? And you will get some root mean square error from this. So 0 0 point 9 is.
Vikesh K: it's basically, yes.
Zhujun Wang: Yeah, that's what I mean. Because after that.
Vikesh K: Aye.
Zhujun Wang: You used these, these.
Vikesh K: Yes.
Zhujun Wang: Model to predict, you know, unknown, I'm reading the movie, or whatever like try to recommend to people. But since, like I feel like this offset a little bit. Big.
Vikesh K: Correct, correct, correct.
Zhujun Wang: Yeah, that's my point, yeah.
Vikesh K: Correct. Yes.
Vikesh K: you know what I did. Yes, thanks for highlighting that I now realized it while while again talking about it. So this one. Yes, this one sud is actually better.
shashi: Yes, you know I had that doubt. I mean yesterday. The low is the lowest, and I was thinking about that one only correct. Yeah.
Vikesh K: Oh, sorry my video got switched off. No, but oh, thanks. So you know, I think maybe I made that silly mistake. I had written accuracy. And then I started thinking in terms of accuracy, now that you again highlighted it. Apologies for that. But yes, this should not. Yes, then, in this case Knn should not be used. The root mean square error, which is basically the measure of the error. Svd actually does a better job.
Vikesh K: Okay. Sorry sorry for that, folks. But this is
Vikesh K: Mr. Bank. I'm not sure how to pronounce your name.
Zhujun Wang: Yeah, you can call me Zoo, actually.
Vikesh K: Okay, zoom, yeah, yeah, this is a good good thing. Thank you. Thank you for highlighting that.
Vikesh K: Okay, so yes, I I will also change the code to focus on the svd, yeah, I don't know. Very silly of me. I was thinking of it in terms of at that time accuracy. I think I was changing it. And I was like, Okay, oh, maybe this is okay.
Vikesh K: That's a silly mistake. But yes, then Svd is a better one and 0 point 9, which is like, you know, on an average, you're one by 1 point off. So let's say your rating is from 0 to 5. So for every rating you, you're off by 1 point, I believe.
Zhujun Wang: 1 point. So sounds like it's still the little bit big gap, right? Like points like, okay, gotcha. Okay.
Vikesh K: Cool. But but thank you for highlighting that.
Vikesh K: Okay, any other points.
Zhujun Wang: Oh.
Zhujun Wang: last question. So since, like last remember, I remember last section, say, say, they say, usually for recommendation system. Probably we can hybrid multiple algorithm together. So, for example, right now
Zhujun Wang: compose Svd and and Kn. And S Svd
Zhujun Wang: probably is better. And after that, if we want to make a further improvement. May I need to like, combine, consider more factor or like, combine the maybe different algorithm together, like.
Vikesh K: What's the general.
Zhujun Wang: Coach.
Vikesh K: Yeah. So in practice, I believe you know, the data sets that we have are slightly more comprehensive. For example. You know, one thing. You can also do it. You know, you can also combine multiple methods is, let's say, we have the movie data. But we don't have a lot of information about that movie. So, for example, the spotify example that we did, we had a lot of numerical information about a song.
Zhujun Wang: We can actually have more of those information about a movie and use that incorporate that as well.
Vikesh K: Okay. So so though, because right now, this is just like, okay, this is one user. This is how he has rated a movie. Okay, you don't have any other information. But if you add more information about
Vikesh K: a movie
Vikesh K: or maybe even for users that, can that can give you more insights that can add more elements to this. So maybe you can also have a combined effect. You know, you can also have a weighted way of doing these recommendations. You know.
Zhujun Wang: Does that? Okay? Do?
Zhujun Wang: Oh, make make sense. Okay.
Vikesh K: So that that will involve more more sophisticated data set essentially.
Zhujun Wang: Gotcha.
Vikesh K: Cool, cool, I think any other questions, or we can call it a day.
Vikesh K: Anything on the capstone.
Ravi Duvvuri: No, no, just a question on the classification. Do you have any recommended book, or anything particularly to go through? As a reference.
Ravi Duvvuri: any recommendations issue.
Vikesh K: I I had this I had this preparedness.
Vikesh K: this resource page. I believe I'm not sure how many of you are aware of it.
Ravi Duvvuri: Tracking to that. I maybe I didn't check for for this particular one.
Vikesh K: Okay. So within that.
Vikesh K: yes, I will do that. So if you go at the bottom. So I've I've tried to make it weekly. I've given wherever I found some interesting links. I've put those links here.
Vikesh K: At the bottom you have couple of book recommendations.
Vikesh K: and all of them are free. This is a good book for theoretical understanding.
Vikesh K: But let's say you want more hands on python code. So this is a good book to go through, and what it does.
Ravi Duvvuri: No for class. I got this ones for classification in particular. So like one of the book you guys recommended was nlp in the course. So that's pretty good. Similarly, anything specific to classification.
Vikesh K: So so within that
Vikesh K: like, for example, how you focus on classification is you have, let's say, you know, 4 basic 5 basic algorithms. Right? You have logistic support support vector classifier, you have decision tree, random forest. So then, what he has done, he has covered all these algorithms, at least the main algorithms, if not all but the main ones.
Vikesh K: So
Vikesh K: you can use that like, learn. If you have any particular in mind, you let me know because classification again, classification has got multiple techniques. So which technique you want to focus on.
Ravi Duvvuri: Yeah, I think more like, the neural networks like Cnn, I think I got these 4. Which I think we can use.
Ravi Duvvuri: Oh, okay, fine.
Ravi Duvvuri: To clarify.
Vikesh K: For let's say you want to do a machine learning.
Vikesh K: There is a machine learning book in itself, and this book of late has got received a lot of good recommendation or not. This one once again.
Vikesh K: Understanding, deep learning.
Vikesh K: Okay, so this is one book which you can focus if you want to. Where is that content-content?
Vikesh K: You can download the whole thing. But I wanted to show you the content, if possible. No, okay, let me click on the
Vikesh K: Pdf, right? It will download it.
Vikesh K: And
Vikesh K: if you check this, yeah. So you have the
Vikesh K: discussion on the neural networks in this one.
Vikesh K: If if you're curious about that.
Vikesh K: By the way, I when I open this python data science handbook, it has this one chapter on a face detection pipeline.
Vikesh K: So maybe how he approaches. It might be helpful for your project as well.
Vikesh K: Okay. And let's say how he does the Ed and all so.
Vikesh K: or how he develops the whole model. Maybe you can test this at your end as well.
Ravi Duvvuri: Got it? Yeah, yeah.
Vikesh K: Okay, so try this out.
Vikesh K: And Matt also shared something.
Vikesh K: Maybe check that out as well.
Vikesh K: Cool. But yeah. Key key bookmark. This because I will keep updating this also going forward. So even after the course, maybe you might find some nice links or helpful links here and many times. I understand some of the
Vikesh K: explanations can are found which are better on Youtube. So maybe you know, you can find some of these from here as well.
Ravi Duvvuri: Thank you.
Vikesh K: Alright cool.
Vikesh K: Then thanks again. And zoo, thank thank you again for highlighting that. Yeah, my bad.
Vikesh K: And we'll see you, by the way. So when we have the, you know, upcoming weeks.
Vikesh K: there might be a slight okay from Feb. 19 till, I believe. Yes, till the end of the course. My office are timings will change. It might be a bit more earlier. I'm going to India for a month
Vikesh K: so sadly the timings will change. I know it might be inconvenient for some of you apologies for that in advance.
Vikesh K: I will send you the, and there might be few
Vikesh K: things moving around here and there, because I will be traveling within India.
Vikesh K: So apologies for that in advance, but like
Vikesh K: I don't think the timings like will happen at this time. This is like 2, 33 am. In India. I don't think I will be able to do that.
Vikesh K: Maybe initial one or 2, 1 or 2 weeks, but not not after that. That will distort my sleep cycle. So so forgive for that. Forgive me for that, and
Vikesh K: apologies for that in advance, but hope to see. Meet you on Feb. 19th now.
Vikesh K: or maybe February. I might have to change this because I'm traveling on 18.th I will keep an update. Keep you guys updated on this.
Vikesh K: All right.
Ravi Duvvuri: Okay, have a good journey.
Vikesh K: Cool.
Zhujun Wang: Thank you.
Vikesh K: Thank you. Thanks a lot and see you in Feb. After 2 after 1. 0, no, there's a break week after 2 weeks.
Vikesh K: Cool cheers bye, everyone.
Zhujun Wang: Thank you.